= VAST

A library for parsing Digital Video Ad Serving Template (VAST) 2.0 XML documents, as outlined by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at
http://www.iab.net/iab_products_and_industry_services/508676/digitalvideo/vast. VAST outlines a standard document format for communication between digital video players and ad servers, including support for
multiple forms of creative and tracking support that conforms to the latest IAB standards.

It's recommended that you review the resources made available for the IAB. Whenever possible the documentation in this library has been
pulled directly from those resources.

This library strives to be as true to the standard as possible, while presenting a Ruby-friendly interface.

== Installation

VAST is available as a RubyGem.

  gem install vast

== Usage

Parse a VAST document and access its contents using an easy-to-understand model. For example:

  document = VAST::Document.parse(File.read("vast_document.xml"))
  inline_ad = document.inline_ads.first
  puts inline_ad.linear_creative.mediafiles.first.type
  => "video/x-flv"
  puts inline_ad.linear_creative.mediafiles.first.url
  => #<URI::HTTP:0x1015ad5f0 URL:http://creativeurl.ca/mediafile>

See the documentation for the individual classes for an overview of what information available for each class.

== Documentation

Read the rdoc at http://rdoc.info/projects/chrisdinn/vast

== Problems/Bugs/Requests

Please, file an issue.

== Running Tests

  rake test

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

© 2010 Chris Dinn. See LICENSE for details.
